# Snow-Stamp Visitor Feedback

My heartfelt thanks to all who took the time to fill out this survey 💙

There were over 100 responses in less than 3 weeks, which is way more than I expected!

## Results

### Comments & feedback

This was my favorite part of the survey. A lot of very kind words were shared, and some fun descriptions of how people are using the site in interesting ways. I even received two super awesome ideas, including the new domain name ([snowsta.mp](https://snowsta.mp)) and [integrating OpenSearch](snow-search.gif). If you're reading this, thank you so much!

Some people suggested improvements for Discord-formatted timestamps, and [that is in my plans](https://github.com/vegeta897/snow-stamp/issues/86)!

### Theme

- Dark Mode - 109 users
- Light Mode - 3 users

The site used to only have the light theme, and it's over-due for a redesign. I wonder how many people even notice the theme toggle switch.

### Platforms

- Desktop - 107 users
- Mobile - 34 users

That is more mobile users than I expected.

### Link sharing

17 users have shared a timestamp link in Discord. I wonder if this would increase if the embed had a [dynamic image](https://github.com/vegeta897/snow-stamp/issues/69). Maybe it's not worth investing more effort into.

### Open source

- 38.7% knew the site was open source
- 13 users did not know what "open source" meant

I know it doesn't actually matter to most people. By the way, I appreciate stars on GitHub! ⭐

### Discovery

- 65% found Snow-Stamp via search engine
- 20% were referred by someone
- The rest found the site on reddit, YouTube, or just don't remember

### Longer Survey

I'm very pleased that 68% of respondents said they'd answer a longer survey about Snow-Stamp. I wanted to keep this first survey as short as possible to increase the number of submissions. I'm glad to know that it would be worth creating a longer survey where I can get into the details.

No ETA on when this will happen, but it will be linked on the site when it's ready.

## If you're still reading this

**Hey, thank you.** I can't think of any reason for people to even read these results except curiosity, so I want you to know I appreciate your interest. Creating and working on a project like this, that people from all over are using, has been such a rewarding experience for me. Running this survey was as much a confidence-booster as it was for learning about my audience.
